[instrumental]
Forgive me for this song,
Not written to anyone in particular.
I have a feeling the night sky
out of this window
is one I've seen before
But when I look back, suddenly
I don't recognize a thing
I'm searching through my memories
over and over / Of people,
And those they care about
Of places,
And the ones I've moved beyond
Please, wait a minute
Hard work melted
[my] dreams down to water
Love's at my back
pushing me to keep going
But only when I lift
my head up do I realize,
I might have forgotten
somebody along the way
So tired I can't sleep all night
Everywhere you look you see
the beauty of the night sky
There must be someone; hiding away,
escaping, dodging, concealing herself,
Who is she? Who is she
Ooh
Forgive me for this song
Not written to anyone in particular
I have a feeling the night sky
out of this window
is one I've seen before, but
I look back and suddenly
I don't recognize a thing
I'm searching through my memories
over and over / Of people,
And those they care about
Of places, and the people
I've moved beyond
Hard work melted [my] dreams
down to water, but love's at
my back pushing me to keep going
Only when I lift my head up do I realize,
I might have forgotten
somebody along the way
So tired I can't sleep all night,
everywhere you look you see
the beauty of the night sky
There must be someone; hiding away,
escaping, dodging, concealing herself,
Who is she, who is she?
Ohh
Maybe only when I truly face myself
can I release my inhibitions,
And uncover what at first
I was too afraid to face
Hard work melted [my] dreams
down to water, but love's at
my back pushing me to keep going
Only when I lift my head up
do I realize, I might have
forgotten somebody along the way
So tired I can't sleep all night,
everywhere you look you see
the beauty of the night sky
She must be there; hiding away,
escaping, dodging, concealing herself,
Who is she? Who is she?
[piano instrumental]
Who is she?
[instrumental]